docs: tweak README verbiage and user doc perf section (#23)
google/ml-flashpoint: README.md

A memory-first, lightning-fast, ready-to-use ML checkpointing library.

> Adapters for PyTorch DCP, Megatron-LM and NeMo 2.0 are readily available for seamless integration, on top of our core checkpointing APIs that can also be used directly for custom integrations.

Author: ```suggestion
Adapters for PyTorch DCP, Megatron-LM and NeMo 2.0 are readily available for seamless integration.
They are built on top of the core checkpointing APIs, which can also be used directly for custom integrations.
```
